wrestling fans you can feel it in the
air the biggest wrestling tournament of
all time begins in eight days can you
believe it sep tember the 14th friday
night it all kicks off at the palmer
center the easton funplex in easton
pennsylvania this is the 6th annual king
of trios and there's never been a king
of trios like this this is the first
king of trios under the leadership of
director of fun wink vava sore and more
than one tree has been affected by his
odd system of chick harbor metrics of
course the colony is split up this year
it's going to be fire ant green and
assailant taking on the Sendai girls in
the first round and then it's going to
be soldier ant stuck in with combat aunt
and deviant and they're going to meet
mike quackenbush jigsaw and manami
toyota and then three-point oh and gran
Akuma are going to meet the battery now
three-point oh they're happy-go-lucky
guys and they're making the best of it
in fact they've even said they're making
lemonade out of lemons Canada's favorite
sons are standing by so it seems this
year of king of trios there are some
very very weird parents and it so
happens that we find ourselves and one
of those odd pairings with Akuma now
it's easy to say there's no love lost
between ourselves and akuma but I can
sort of equate it's going on a blind
date you go on a blind date you kinda
gotta have no expectations nothing you
never know the person's go
they could have a terrible personality
never know but it so has it on this
blind date there seems to be a chemistry
building towards king of trios I filled
it on this blind date we're going to get
add this up quite frankly the idea of
dreams but despite the cute name king of
trios weekend isn't all about trios of
course shakarez biggest prize the Grand
Championship of chikar will be defended
for the first time ever at king of trios
Grand Champion Eddie Kingston will make
his seventh defense against Osaka pros
tata sky tata sky ever so dangerous he
held the Young Lions Cup championship
for over a year he never lost it I'm in
Kingston crossed paths when kingston was
in Japan but not for the Grand
Championship but bringing it back to the
name on the marquee it says trios and
you're gonna see trios for the first
time ever team World Wrestling
Federation former Tag Team Champion 123
kid he's going to team up with Tatanka
and the Portuguese man-of-war aldo
montoya making his chikara debut who
they taking on you might ask only three
of the finest from Extreme Championship
Wrestling the innovator of violence
Tommy Dreamer 2 cold Scorpio the
innovator of the discs that don't miss
and former ECW champ Jerry Lynn on his
retirement tour it doesn't get bigger
than that or doesn't the faces of paying
the warlord the barbarian out of
retirement for one weekend only Ming
they're going to take on Team Ring of
Honor comprised of matt and nick jackson
the young bucks our campaign of state
playoffs and the prodigy Mike Bennett
I'm getting sweaty just thinking about a
king of trios is eight days away don't
forget about the fan Conclave on
Saturday afternoon September 15 don't
forget about the 10-team tag team
gauntlet one of the favorite traditions
in all of Jakara on
sunday afternoon sep tember 16th the
main thing you don't want to forget is
to get your tickets ensure your spot go
to Jakara pro this very second get your
ticket and we'll see you at 2012 king of
trios